Add documentation for Upollo destination (#4240)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/upollo/index.md

---

> title: Upollo Destination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Upollo (Actions) Destination
```

Author: Hi @stayseesong. Thanks for your help.

hidden: true
private: true
---

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

[Upollo](https://upollo.ai?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners){:target="_blank"} finds and converts repeat trialers, account sharers and more.

> 11% of users signing up for free trials have [already used one](https://upollo.ai/blog/turn-repeated-trials-into-growth?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners), and up to 45% of users [share their logins](

Reviewer: @stephennancekivell what do you mean by "have already used one?"

Author: Hi @stayseesong, normally when a company offers a free trial its offered so that you get one free trial then you need to upgrade to paid plan. Lots of users get additional free trials with a few tricks.

Im not sure if theres a concise way to make that clearer here. I dont think we want to get into too much detail in this summary.

We might change "already used one" to "already had one".

Thanks for your help.

https://upollo.ai/blog/grow-by-understanding-account-sharing?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners) with others.
Inviting these users to a paid account is the number 1 underutilized growth channel for SaaS businesses.

> This destination is maintained by Upollo. For any questions or issues with the destination, please [contact the Upollo team](https://upollo.ai/contact?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This destination is maintained by Upollo. For any questions or issues with the destination, please [contact the Upollo team](https://upollo.ai/contact?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners){:target="_blank"}.
```

## Benefits of Upollo (Actions)

Upollo (Actions) provides the following benefits:

- **Find hidden growth opportunities**. Quickly see how many users are repeating free trials or share their account.
- **More happy paying customers**. Upgrade these users onto a paying plan and get more happy paying users.

## Getting Started

> 1. Signup for Upollo and get your public API key.
> 2. Add that to the segment configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. From the Segment web app, click **Catalog**, then click **Destinations**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the Segment web app, navigate to **Connections > Catalog**, and select the **Destinations** tab. 
```

> 2. Find the Destinations Actions item in the left navigation, and click it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Destinations Actions** under **Categories** in the left navigation.
```

3. Search for **Upollo (Actions)** and click **Configure Upollo**.
4. Select an existing Source to connect to Upollo (Actions).

> 5. Get your **Public API key** from the [Upollo dashboard](https://upollo.ai/app/settings/access-and-keys?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Get your **Public API key** from the [Upollo dashboard](https://upollo.ai/app/settings/access-and-keys?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners){:target="_blank"}.
```

6. Add your API key to the segment Upollo Action settings.

## Identify

> Upollo uses segments identify call to analyse users on your platform. If the same person is using mulitple accounts or if different people are sharing an account they will be flagged and shown in the Upollo dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upollo uses the `identify` call to analyze users on your platform. If the same person is using multiple accounts or if different people are sharing an account, they are flagged and shown in the Upollo dashboard.
```

> In the `identify` call provide any available information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `identify` call provides any available information about the user.
```

```js
analytics.identify('userId123', {
  email: 'john.doe@example.com',
  name: 'John Doe',
  phone: '+123456789'
});
```

> For more see the [Identify API documentation](/docs/connections/spec/identify/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about the [Identify call](/docs/connections/spec/identify/).
```
